Send her a cute goodnight text while she's sleeping so she wakes up with a smile on her face.
Call her beautiful, instead of pretty or cute.
Buy her nice things.
Make sure she knows that you're afraid to lose her.
Be there when she needs you.
Have a date planned out so all she has to do is look good and show up.
Randomly send her a text saying you're thinking about her.
Make her a priority, not an option.
Spend the night watching movies and cuddling instead of going out with the guys.
During a date, help her with her coat. Pull out her chair. Open the door for her. Let her order her food first. Stay off your phone.
Back down in an argument even though she may be wrong.
Ask her if she's lost weight.
Respect her. Respect her <a href="/taxonomy/term/33399">family</a>, respect her friends, respect her morals.
Sneak up behind her, hold her around her waist, kiss her softly on the neck and tell her you <a href="http://www.yourtango.com/love">love</a> her.
Support her ambition and love her flaws.
Make her feel like she's the only woman in the world.
Fight for her when she's ready to give up, and hold her tight when she's at her weakest.
Always take the first step. Don't wait for her to start everything.
Avoid responding with "OK" or any short answer that makes it sound like you weren't listening.
Save a photo of her as your phone background. That way she'll know you're thinking of her every time you look at your phone.
Smile at her.
Talk to her.
Compliment her.
Make sure you have her attention first.
Poke fun of yourself.
Crack a joke.
Be silly.
Try a silly dance.
Stay in touch.
Be there for her.
Tease her or play with her.
Apologize when you've done something wrong.
Make her something.
Show you’re listening.
Give her a gift.
Take her on a surprise outing
Making a Connection
Making Her Laugh
Making a Girlfriend Smile
Surprising Her
Community Q&amp;A
Related wikiHows
Sources and Citations
The Best Smiles
Situational smiles
Avoid pre-canned material
Body language smiles &amp; smiles attract smiles
Comedy: Exaggeration and misleading
tell her she is beautiful, not hot or fine.
hold her hand at any moment you can.
kiss her on the forehead.
leave her voice messages to wake up to.
when she is upset, hold her tight and don&apos;t let her go.
recognize the small things; they usually mean the most.
call her sweetie, not baby.
sing to her no matter how horrible your voice is.
pick her over all the other girls you hang with.
write her notes (she loves them).
introduce her to family &amp; friends as your girlfriend.
play with her hair &amp; if it smells good tell her.
pick her up, tickle her, and play wrestle with her.
pick her up and act like your going to drop her and she will scream and yell let her down even though she loves it.
tell her funny jokes, tell her stupid jokes, okay just tell her jokes.
throw pebbles at her window in the middle of the night just because you miss her.
let her fall asleep in your arms.
carve your names into a tree.
if she&apos;s mad, kiss her.
give her piggyback rides.
bring her flowers just because.
treat her the same around your friends as you do when you&apos;re alone.
let her take as many pictures as she wants.
slow dance with her even if there isn&apos;t music playing.
kiss her in the rain.
take long walks on the beach at night with her.
wait outside her house in the pouring rain to surprise her when she gets home.
when she&apos;s ill stay by her bedside.
play fight with her and let her win.
and most importantly if you love her, tell her
Tell her she is beautiful
Hug her from behind
Wrestle with her
If you're talking to another girl, when
Write her notes or call her just to say “hi”
Play with her hair.
Get upset if another guy touches her and
Make her laugh
If she’s mad at you, kiss her.
Every guy should give their girl 3 things: a
Treat her the same around your friends as
Look her in the eyes and smile.
Kiss her in the rain (girls love this)
If your listening to music, let her listen too.
When she gives you a present on your
Always call her when you say you will, it
Give her wat she wants
Don’t hug her friends or your friends that
Hang out with her whenever you are free
If u care about her…SHOW her!
Hold her hand at any moment … even if its
Hug her from behind
Wrestle with her
If you're talking to another girl, when
Write her notes or call her just to say “hi”
Play with her hair.
Get upset if another guy touches her and
Make her laugh
If she’s mad at you, kiss her.
Every guy should give their girl 3 things: a
Treat her the same around your friends as
Look her in the eyes and smile.
Kiss her in the rain (girls love this)
If your listening to music, let her listen too.
When she gives you a present on your
Always call her when you say you will, it
Give her wat she wants
Don’t hug her friends or your friends that
Hang out with her whenever you are free
If u care about her…SHOW her!
Give her wat she wants
Tickle the sole of her fee