BE CURIOUS
TAKE ACTION
BE ADAPTABLE
BE SPONTANEOUS
Dial a random number and confuse the person who answers by saying things like;
Look up random statements in foreign languages and recite the statements to those who speak the language.
Post a random article like this.
At walmart or somewhere similar, go up to an obese woman, or a man for extra affect, and wish them good luck with their upcoming child while staring at their stomach in a serious tone.
Go sit in your front yard and wave to the people walking bye. Greet them with something like, "Hey Sally, how's the kids?"
Text everyone you know something like, "Happy international talk-like-a-viking-day!"
Write a comic book including yourself staring as a superhero along with your friends as your sidekick or other superheros and make your arch nemisis some one you deeply despise.
Flirt with perverts on the web. (Best times are around 9-11 am in my time, in the south eastern area of the united states, sorry I don't know time zones!)
(girls, or cross-dressers....) Blind fold your friends and yourself and give each other blind makeovers. (results may vary)
(girls or cross dressers..) First you'll need a half full/half empty or completely empty perfume or body mist bottle. Add smelly things and strange liquids while trying to maintain a believeable color and offer the original fragrance to either a friend as a joke or to an enemy.
Change the lyrics to a popular song to hilarious random lyrics.
Find a poster of a celeb. you hate or a picture of an enemy and use markers/cheap makeup to paint them into your point of view towards them.
Drive a riding lawnmower down the street casually.
Carry a couch down the street and see how long it takes until someone calls the police.
Try some of the candy in the medicine cabinet.
Tell everyone how much you love them, including strangers.
(aimed at guys) Undress and meet me in the back with the jack at the juke box ;) (jk)
Take your pants off and run around your neighborhood screaming "MY PANTS ARE ON FIRE!"
Chat with strangers on the internet! That seems to be what most of us do.
Try a stage slide in shorts.
Complain to random strangers about a bruise on your buttox.
Give your mother a heart attack and tell her your pregnant. (especially affective for guys but aimed at girls)
Shake up a soda can (while the hobos not looking) and politely offer the cold drink to a hobo seemingly obliviously.
Try to make your own soda. (ex. For orange soda add orange food coloring or orange juice to sprite) Now offer your creation to someone.
(girls... or cross-dressers) Hang upside down from a tree and give your friend a makeover.
Go skinny dipping.
Write cuss words on the side walk with chalk in a neighborhood with small children.
Try playing baseball with tomatoes.
Go around town getting random people to sign your t-shirt.
Have a free hug day.
Have a cake/pie fight.
Ask for band name suggestions at a gay bar.(I've done this before. Hilarious outcomes.) *
Play midnight subway cart game (run from subway cart to subway cart before the doors close.)
Throw a themed party (ex. football bros and cheerleading hoes)
Water gun drive by.
Have a picnic on a roof!
Flour Bombing- it's really cheap and easy...
Racing in shopping carts is major fun.
Push your friend in a baby stroller (let go) down the steepest hill in your neighborhood (A 1st aid kit might come in handy.)
Do the same with eggs and rotten tomatoes.
Sit your younger brother/sister/cousin/something (If you don't have these subsitutions may include a close friend who's good at being annoying) on a stool in you front yard and try to auction them off.
Leave a hamburger on top of someone's car and wait in a car nearby and watch their reaction..
Tell some little kids your having an Easter Egg Hunt or something ( But don't hide anything!!) And watch as they look and look.
WalMart or Super Store Frogging(basically means you plan to sneak a sleepover, they stay open for 24 hours so hide and wait til everyones gone)
T-P someone's house
Cow tipping!!
Wait until its dark and when a neighbor or family comes home. Hide in the bushes and as they walk by, spray them with something like silly string or washable spray paint.
Go Food Sampling (like trick or treating, instead of door to door you go store to store and collect random food samples--the mall food court is a good place to start. At the end of the day, dump all your collectibles on a plate and have lunch/dinner together)
Mute Dialogue a Movie or a TV show (bring down the sound or mute it and make up what they're saying lol)
Night time Glow PaintBall shooting/Water Balloon Fighting (fill guns with glow in the dark paint or fill water balloons and make a game of it at night...Remember the more you get hit the easier it is to find you and target you again. Play til you run out)
Ride Railing of an escalator (run up a down escalator, run down an up escalator...Warning: the inexperienced WILL get hurt---or thrown out lol)
Next time you go eat fast food go thru the drive thru without a car and demand service!
Fast Food Hopping. Grab Mcdonalds fries, Burger King Whoppers, Wendy's Frosty, Arby's Mozzarella Sticks, KFC nuggets, Subway drink (or switch it around, then sit down outside a fancy restaurant and have a nice but cheap meal and do some people watching especially as they come out of the restaurant with empty wallets)
Do some karaoke with friends or better yet go caroling hot hits door to door (if they complain say you're observing a religious holiday, it's even funnier to say after you finished singing Baby Got Back. Make sure to ask for any requests and try to beatbox even if you're terrible at it)
When the phone rings and its a sells call, say you're not buying but then try to sell them the competitors product.
Call a pizza place. Tell them you're new and town and your neighbors asked you to order pizza for a party but since you're new round here you're not really sure what this pizza thing is and ask them to explain it to you. When they say "Bread with meat and cheese on it." Ask them something like "What kind of bread? Like a sandwich? With meat? Well, what kind of meat? Couldn't I just put some turkey &amp; cheese on a sandwich?" For best outcomes, call a place where it is against the rules for an employee to hang up on a customer who calls. (In my town there's a place called "Hungry Howie's where these rules apply. My brother's friend is expert at this kind of stuff and did this --He made the call last almost an hour!
Eat something that is bad for you, then bathe in pepto-bismal.
Tie yourself to the back of a car then jump off while its moving and have someone videotape you getting extremely bad road-rash at the speeds of 50 to 70mph...
Run around town and lick every shops window .
Bring a wireless microphone into town and sing beside someone playing a guitar etc.
Sit on your roof and throw water baloons at pedestrians.
Follow random people around and pretend you know them by trying to make conversation.
Run around in your underwear with a wand and a harry potter outfit and yell spells at people.
Go to Wal-Mart and when the announcer comes on Say this Its those voices again!!! Scream that in an isle!!
Go into a random store with a lot of people and screamI WON THE LOTTERY!!!
Get whipped cream in a bottle and spray randoms!!
Have a hugging contest!
Try on old people clothes clothes at the mall and upload them onto your fanpop/myspace/facebook or another account!
Knock and run on peoples houses(teaches, mates, old people)
Put peanut butter on the handle of random cars
follow a random car home to mess with them
fast food football (have someone run through and grab your bag of food as the people are handing it to you;; you get another bag of food free)
dress up as the oppostie sex and go into public.
hide behind things at the mall and throw eggs/water balloons at people walking by
Get a whole basket of food, wait till its all checked out, and say you forgot your wallet
drive through the mcdonalds drive-thru backwards
Get kicked out of wal-mart84. Rent golfcarts and race your friends on them
Honk going through a neighborhood early in the morning or late at night and wake people up.
show up at the wrong house, pretend its your friends house (that you've never been to) and just go right in and pretend everythings normal.
Rearrange your entire house before your parents come home
Walk in public with your pants off casually
Climb a tree and drop eggs on cars.
Mess with the scale at a doctor's office so everyone thinks they're really fat.
Video yourself doing a silly dance to a song then watch it after and laugh.
Text every contact saying your pregnant/getting married/diagnosed with autism/etc.
Black mail your teacher.
Open your window and yell out of it, "You'll never take me alive coppers!"
Type in 'Things to do when you're bored' on youtube.
On the computer, make a fake advertisement for a Gardener and put it out in the porch. Later, find out if your parents think it is real!
Put a sign up outside your house saying 'Brother/siter for sale'
Draw a banana.
Slap yourself until you get hurt.
Pretend to look around your room as if it has just turned into Narnia.
try to balance as many spoons on your face as you can.
Pretend you are running away from yourself.
Try to break a CD (one that you don't use anymore).
Make a mixture of all the liquids in your bathroom then put it in a bottle and name it (your name)'s secret bath lotion.
Post a video onto youtube of you doing the most random things ever.
Walk around your room without walking on the floor.
Make a sale of the most random things ever outside your house.
List all the swear words you know and mail the note to a random adress.
Make up a video called,''What to do when you're bored
Go do something that would make the world a little bit better- Protest for chickens who like to cross the road's questioned authorities.
Sit on your roof with your friends, and if someone gives you a weird look from the street, yell "We are waiting to board the mothership!"
Play Sweet &amp; Sour with some friends. Stand on a street corner and wave at every car that passes. If they wave back or smile, yell "Sweet." If they ignore you or give you a dirty look, yell "SOUR!" and chase them as long as you would like.
Go to Wal-Mart and just sit in the middle of an isle with your friends. See how long it takes for someone to make you move.
Go to a store like target and play phone tag (if you have a picture cell phone) --- like walk through the store and the game is to try to get pics of your friends w/o them seeing you and w/o them taking pictures of you!
Go teepeeing go through a drive thru and order random **** and mess with the pe
Stay a couple nights in a hotle with about 20 people in the same room (got kicked out.
Go to a store and pretend your blind.
Dress up like Santa &amp; go to walmart &amp; wish people a merry Christmas! (no matter if it's christmas or not!)
Run really fast and slide on a carpet then count how many rug burns you get
Find a number you like (preferably 47) and become obsessed with it.
Get a group of friends and climb into the window in a store and pretend to be manicans by standing as still as possible and posing. See how many people you can fool.
Hang out on someone's roof and talk.
CLIFF JUMPING! YOU ALWAYS WALK AWAY WITH A CUT OR SOMETHING! ITS A GREAT TIME BRING A VIDEO CAMERA129. Throw on some Mexican wrestling masks and sit in the trees drinking scotch...and scare the hell out of early morning joggers.
well, you know those people who get their deer heads mounted? Anyway, take it &amp; ride around in the car with it. Occasionally stick it's head out the window sometimes.
Go around during an election season collecting the signs for one candidate and making note of what house we took it from, then go and switch those signs with people who were promoting the other candidate.
Try slamming a revolving door.
Jump off of mount everest.
We used the tune of Part of that World. We changed the song to be completely about meat. Like...Ive got prime ribs and T-bones a pleanty, ive got ground beef and tenderloin galore. You want it medium? or Rare?
Draw a banana.&quot;
